.TH MWRAP 1 2012 "mwrap" "MWRAP manpage"
.SH NAME
mwrap - Octave/MATLAB mex generator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY mwrap
.OP \-mex \fIoutputmex\fP
.OP \-m \fIoutput.m\fP
.OP \-c \fIoutputmex.c\fP
.OP \-mb
.OP \-list
.OP \-catch
.OP \-i8
.OP \-c99complex
.OP \-cppcomplex
\fIinfile1\fP \fIinfile2\fP ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
\fBmwrap\fP is an interface generation system in the spirit of SWIG or
matwrap.  From a set of augmented Octave/MATLAB script files, \fBmwrap\fP
will generate a MEX gateway to desired C/C++ function calls and \.m function
files to access that gateway.  The details of converting to and from
Octave's or MATLAB's data structures, and of allocating and freeing
temporary storage, are hidden from the user.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-mex
specifies the name of the MEX function that the generated functions will
call.  This name will generally be the same as the prefix for the C/C++
output file name.
.
.TP
.B \-m
specifies the name of the Octave/MATLAB script to be generated.
.
.TP
.B \-c
specifies the name of the C MEX file to be generated.  The MEX file may
contain stubs corresponding to several different generated files.
.
.TP
.B \-mb
redirect Octave/MATLAB function output to files named in the input.  In this
mode, the processor will change Octave/MATLAB function output files whenever
it encounters a line beginning with @.  If @ occurs alone on a line, the
output will be turned off; if the line begins with @function, the line will
be treated as the first line of a function, and the m-file name will be
deduced from the function name; and otherwise, the characters after @ (up to
the next set of white space) will be treated as a filename, and \fBmwrap\fP
will try to write to that file.
.
.TP
.B \-list
print to the standard output the names of all files that would be generated
from redirect output by the \-mb flag.
.
.TP
.B \-catch
surround library calls in try/catch blocks in order to intercept C++
exceptions.
.
.TP
.B \-i8
convert \fBint\fP, \fBlong\fP, \fBuint\fP, \fBulong\fP types to
\fBint64_t\fP, \fBuint64_t\fP. This provides
a convenient way to interface with \fB-fdefault-integer-8\fP and 
\fB-i8\fP flags used by Fortran compilers.
.
.TP
.B \-c99complex
use the C99 complex floating point types as the default \fBdcomplex\fP and
\fBfcomplex\fP types.
.
.TP
.B \-cppcomplex
use the C++ complex floating point types as the default \fBdcomplex\fP and
\fBfcomplex\fP types.

.SH AUTHORS
.LP
\fBmwrap\fP is written by David Bindel and Zydrunas Gimbutas. This
manual page was written by Nicolas Bourdaud.
